Did he not abort the baby in his belly?
Miss Shen
Miss Cao's child has been aborted
You saw him wheeled into the operating room.
The president is so angry because you did it
If it is exposed by the media
Do you know what the consequences will be?
Brother Dragon
It's because I love you so much
Snatched by a lady by a woman
My mom loves you the most
You treat me like this
sad
You follow me again
Don't blame me for not giving you face
Have some more soup
How can you be so skinny with two children?
Miss Shen was spoiled since she was a child
Very willful
But dare to do it now
What if you divorce the young master?
What will the child do?
It seems that I have to recognize these guarantees
Make sure they treat the baby well
Does Joanne have time for dinner tomorrow?
Let's discuss the design details of the gift.
Hey
The oil is off, I'll change the position.
Go get this, don't be obedient
Open your mouth and come on
Yeah.
Eat
He also said that he is not used to Western food
I think I'm obviously used to Ah Zhi
I see that you and Wanci are not too young
Why don't you hurry up and do the wedding?
I have already read the almanac
October 2nd is the auspicious day of the zodiac
Or choose this day
aunt
Did you know that the father of the Rong family Jiagui just passed away?
We will observe filial piety for three years
You can't hold any happy events for three years